The Joe Rogan experience. You remember the VHS.
Tapes that were in the, oh yeah. So I live in a house, a small house,
three brothers, me and my older brother, my younger brother,
and my head exploded because I saw scrambled porn and my friend
Alejandro his place. I was like, I think I could see a tip, even.
Know what you're saying? When you say scrambled.
It's like my new paintings. There's like glitched.
Like you see a tit or whatever, but it used to be.
Let's just explain there used to be,
there were certain channels you couldn't get to and you'd have,
your parents would have to subscribe to Showtime. Right.
But you'd take like HBO over an HBO Showtime package,
you would decide, well, let's just get HBO or we can only afford Cinemax,
but there was some of those channels, like they'd call Cinemax, Skinemax. Right.
Cause there's some of those channels so much, they were like, um, we were like.
Fake movies with an excuse to show like soft core fashion. And you didn't.
See penetration? No.
Like the first time I saw penetration was when I think I was 14.
I don't remember who got the video,
but one of my friends got a porn and actual porn and we were watching it like in
stunned, disbelief, like what in the?
Right. And so that what in the?
I see the scrambled porn and I can't function as a normal human. Now I'm 13,
14 years old,
scrambled poor living in a two bedroom house with two like three boys that are
all hitting puberty. And I go, I need more,
I need more. So I go and wear my dad's trench coat.
I walk into a, a adult bookstore on, um,
LaBrea and like Highland and, uh, sorry. Um, Santa Monica.
It's where Trejos tacos is right now, because I wanted to look like an adult.
You know, I'm like a like ZD Asian kid. And I walk in and you remember,
they used to be like 40 bucks. And like in a carton, they were like expensive.
Like the packaging was really big. And I, and I went in there and I, um,
I saw, I saw a package. It was like a, and I remember it perfectly up incomers.
Raylene's first, you know,
and I'm touching the box and it's taped up and there's a metal detector and
there's cameras. And I go, I lost my mind. I lost my mind. I was like,
I have to have it. I don't have 40 bucks. I'm 13 year old kid.
I use my fingernail to take the tape off.
I take the tape out and the guy sees that, Hey, what's going on?
They're jamming on the coat booklet. I run home. You got away.
Yeah. I, I, I ran all the way up. That's when I should have been with the tribe.
That's the one when you're 13 and horny 13 and horny,
and I get home,
we have a VHS and a beta machine cause my dad chose wrong.
And then we had to eventually get the VHS.
And my Mo my grandmother is watching WWF wrestling.
So you got to understand the dynamics of a tiny home.
So my grandma, my two brothers and my parents and I,
and someone is always home. Someone is always home. So I,
this thing's burning a hole in my part. I got to watch it,
but when can I watch it? So I finally put a plan together.
I go, I'm going to watch this. And I don't even know how to.
I don't even know what that is. I have no sex education.
I go at dinner time on Wednesday. I'm going to eat my dinner really quick,
run to the living room. And, uh, so it happened.
So we're eating dinner. Hey, slow down. Why are you eating dinner? So fast,
scoop up the rice, get some kimchi. Okay. Hey, can I be excused? Like, no,
we're having family dinner right now. What's what's going to tell me,
I know I'm good. I'm good. I run to the living room and you can,
it's not that far. I don't live in a huge house. So you can still hear the,
the silverware clinking, like they're eating. I pull out the,
there's like a Disney movie in there. I pull up the VHS. I put in my thing,
there's the FBI warning. I'm fast forwarding. I'm like looking,
I'm looking fast forwarding and you hit play and fast forward.
And then I see and it's, and, and, and she's wearing jeans.
And then no,
that's the cover.
No, no, Jamie, no,
don't do this to me on the actual video too, if you're like, no, no, no, no, no.
Timeout, timeout, timeout. This is outrageous. I don't actually,
I don't watch porn now.
You're making me relapse right now. Uh, let me say that one more time.
So I fast forward to this and you got to understand,
I had seen print Playboy. I'd seen, I'd never seen that.
The moving and the veiny, their are in like,
you know, like, I'm like, man.
So I am everything's dopamine serotonin. You know? I'm like, well,
my dad could walk in at any second. And like, I'm like my,
my pressing my dig against the wall. And then I was like, okay.
And I'm studying. And I'm like, save this for later.
This goes in the spank bank. Save all. Okay. This is enough. One more second,
two more seconds. Okay. Delete tape. Put the Disney tape back in, run back.
And Hey, what? Why are you breathing hard? Why? Oh, nothing. Nothing.
And then I get to my room and I share a bunk bed with my.
Brother. Oh no. And I'm like, I keep on top of the bottom. I'm on the bottom.
Oh no. I'm on the bottom. That's a little, it.
Just look down and see you at any moment.
So I have, I am, uh, full of there's come coming out of my eyes.
I'm full I'm. Like I got a jerk off. Like, I don't even know. I'm like, so,
and I always knew when my brother fell asleep because his breathing slows down.
So I'm like sitting there, I'm pressing my Dick against the wall. I'm like,
he's like finally he finally falls asleep and I go, okay, I'm going to like,
hold my whole arm. Cause it's a squeaky. It's like a bunk bed. Oh no,
hold my whole arm against my this. And
Dave knew. Okay. Whatever. And, and I talked to him yourself again.
I started doing a very gentle, quiet masturbation, but it's still doing it.
A light tug with a little bit of squeak because I don't want to wake.
Them up. What I want to do is I want to crank it.
And then I hear David it's. My brother was like,
why are you shaking the bed so much? I'm like, oh, man. Like,
and now I'm like, God, I got to find a place in my house. Anyways.
I could go on and on about brother's a blocker. He's a blocker. He cocked me,
block me from myself.
[Inaudible].